Very Rough start and draft - don’t read too much into it and ignore spelling and grammar errors. 

Trigger Warning!! 
The following fake autobiography contains content not suitable for human consumption. Reading may induce vomiting, hysteria, nausea or thoughts of homicide. 

Highlighted cyan are additions and changes that happened previous

Highlighted green are new additions or changes.


Well, here we are. It’s … well, it doesn’t really matter what day it is but just know it’s nighttime. Before bed in fact. I just completed my nightly refutations. See, I have once read that doing things like daily affirmations, or creeds, mottos or otherwise, just saying the words, will start to have a psychological effect on you. I have certain ideals and standards I try to live my life by and as it turns out, I’m horrible at it. I look at the idiot in the mirror and decide that I really hate that man. I tell him, nightly, how much I hate him. He can’t do anything correctly. He lives up to his ideals about as well as a trout drives a car. Wouldn’t you know it, that loser looks right back at me and says the same things. 

Of course, I’m getting ahead of myself.

The Dream
I once had a dream that I was in las vegas and I went into an elevator. Once inside this elevator I saw a kid there, not a huge surprise because when I was a kid I would sneak off and around casinos all the time any time we made a trip out to Vegas. Well, I looked at this kid, and he looked at me, and I think it happened simultaneously, we both knew it. We were each other. I was looking at the little pipsqueak that I used to be and he was looking at the loser he’d become. I feel like I handled it better than me. The younger version of me started screaming and crying trying to get out of the elevator whilst I just looked at him, dumbstruck. Pretty uneventful dream but it served to make me realize that if young me saw what I became it would terrify him. I decided that it’d be better for that idealist, pure, boy if I disavowed being connected. At least then he can dream about the great man he would someday be and not be bogged by what he actually became. Supposing I knew when I was young what I would be later, would I have made the same choices? Of course not, but the real question is, was I already a loser back then and would have still come to this same spot like rainwater flowing down a gutter? Before I was philosophical I’d like to point out that I yearn to be who I wanted to grow up to be. So why aren’t I? 

Regular Mason
My earliest memory of failure: When I was a kid, my dad and some men of our church decided it’d be prudent to put up a wall to line the driveway of the church. I was super happy to help and figured that I’d take the initiative. So, when I saw that the wheelbarrow was refilled with mortar and waiting for someone to take it to the work area I jumped at the opportunity. Naturally, I was a wimp at that age, probably around six or seven, and spilled the mortar all over the place. A mess for the men to clean up. Could it be held against me for that? I was trying to be proactive, trying to help, but I failed. I caused those around me to have to clean up my mess. 

Throughout growing up I know there were many times I screwed up and I knew it. I was told, very quickly, that I had messed up. I used to have this “smiling thing” where I didn’t know how to process the guilt I was feeling and I’d just sit there smiling like an idiot. I would smile and laugh a lot. I was always carefree and happy. But why was I carefree or happy? I couldn’t do anything correctly. I was failing my classes. About the only thing I did correctly was that I really tried to be respectful. I didn’t know what it meant or how to do it right but I did try earnestly.

Oh, so, I always was one to take the leap. I would get something into my head and just go for it. I never let fear stop me. Mostly, as a kid, it manifested as asking out a pretty girl but since I was such a loser, I never scored. That was fine, I wouldn’t know what to do with a girlfriend if I ever got one. Later in life it manifested as taking unnecessary risks. Remind me later to tell you about the death trap motorcycle.

What’s the point? Why am I spraying out all of this useless information and throwing myself a pity party? Well, the truth is probably that I want sympathy and to have someone hold me and say that it’ll be alright, or nothing. Instead of that though, I’m going to pretend that it’s for context. I don’t want someone to get invested in reading this without knowing in advance that it’s not the start of some epic adventure or hero in the making. I’m not a hero, not an anti-hero. I am a nice enough guy that constantly pulls defeat out of the jaws of victory. Somehow I fool people enough to think that I’m somebody but then I disappoint them in the end. So, Where do I begin? Well, abasement seems like it is a good start, since that’s how I started. But let’s switch gears a small bit. 

Summer of Love
Ten or eleven years old; I had a pretty memorable summer. I don’t remember all of it but I remember that I was up at the crack of dawn and was out playing before the day really began. We used to play in storm drains and irrigation canals; we’d get a board and float down it. We would pretend we were navy seals or green berets. 

That summer we decided it’d be a good time to go from Peori to a mall in Phoenix. I believe it was about a ten mile trek.  Now, that sounds like a small distance but remember, ten or eleven, phoenix, summer. We’re talking 115 or so degrees, no water bottles or places to stop, no shade. We alternated between who was rollerblading and who was biking. I felt like I was going to die on numerous occasions but I somehow lived. I guess when you’re not smart enough to bring water in Phoenix for that sort of journey then you’re too dumb to die from it anyway. We enjoyed our time in the mall for a bit, I don’t remember a lot of it, I’m sure we just drank water for forty minutes. When we arrived there I don’t recall seeing the girls that we were supposed to be meeting. Maybe we did? Well, as with all things, our time came to an end and we began our voyage home. Well, Did I mention that we were idiot kids? Yeah, we were idiot kids and got lost. It was with great shame that I called my parents to come pick us up. 

For now, let’s skip ahead of my numerous failings at school, the story would be about as boring as living it the first time. Actually, no, another summer we went to a nearby bowling alley. Being the upstanding and caring boys that we were, we decided that it’d be a great idea to distribute oranges from a nearby tree to the cars that were passing in that street. Our method certainly left something to be desired as we were trying to pass them out to the drivers through their windshields. 

We would get soda cans, bend in part of them and poke holes to make pipes. We felt really cool smoking literal weeds because we thought we were smoking weed. I didn’t know what any of it meant but we’d say, “Man, this is the good stuff right here”. It was not. 

<Ditching school for the arcade and for fun>
<Inflammatory experiences(Tractor Trailer)>
<Sleep over with girl>

My friend Robert thought for sure that he was turning into a dragon because he looked at a cloud that vaguely resembled a dragon. He thought the dragon spirit was infusing into him, or something. Ok, I’d like to point out that I never implied we had any sense. 

Halloween and Prophecies
I was thirteen. My parents had been divorced for 2 years. We were living in apartments in Chandler and I made a few friends. Mikhael(I don’t know how it’s spelled, sorry) and TJ. TJ was Filipino and Mikhael was some sort of Jamaican or something. We played playstation every day after school and generally enjoyed each other’s company. TJ moved away shortly after on a halloween. Before they left his parents gave us that night. We made all the most of it. We did a little trick or treating. We egged places, we just acted like hooligans. When he got into the uhaul to drive away Mikhael and I jumped on the back bumper and road it to the end of the apartment complexes. As he stopped getting read to pull out we jumped off and cheered our friend on. Good times. 

My sister, around that time, decided to take me to a party she was going to instead of leaving me at home. I seem to recall that she was getting drunk whilst her friends were there. A very transformative part of my life, really. See. I was set against drugs and drinking. A goodie two-shoes, so to speak. When her friend, whom I only saw or spoke to one time, told a prophecy, he didn’t know the truth behind it. “You might be against drugs now, but within two years you’ll be smoking pot” he declared to me. I scoffed and denied such compromise of my integrity. Keep note of this prophecy made by a boy named Preston. 

My brother moved in with my mother, sister and I. With him came the drugs and chaotic environment. He met a girl who he seemed to really enjoy but they were horrible for each other. Bleach and ammonium if I had to guess. Well, her dad met my mom and suddenly I’m living with a new family who is all sorts of screwed up. Five bedrooms split between 9 people. My brother and his girlfriend, my mom and her boyfriend, another couple, a single lady, and my sister and I. I never felt so alone. Around this time is when I began to start my loner life. 

Locked and stocked
This time of my life was spent playing Nintendo 64 and wandering aimlessly around the area. I didn’t belong in that home, or to those people. Except for my mother, they were all druggies. My sister was increasingly distraught for much of the same reasons I was. I wanted to connect with people but it was not possible. The only time I spent time with anyone else in that household was when I was doing drugs with them. Not the best environment for a 13 year old. To fit in with them I would smoke pot and drink, though I was not fond of either thing. Once, in order for them to share their pot with me they decided it’d be best to have me try cocaine first. So, after much hesitance, I decided to do just that. It was around this same time that I tried acid, or LSD. 

I had a bicycle U lock that came in handy when riding to school. Being the curious chap that I am, and was, I decided it’d be a good idea to go to the park with this lock. The park was pretty basic with a playground equipment set, shown below.There was a platform that lined up perfectly with my neckline and so, naturally, I decided it’d be a good idea to use the lock to lock my neck to the pole that lined up on that platform. What this meant was that I couldn’t get lower. I could only be in the standing position. No big deal since I had the keys right here…….aannndddd I dropped them. There they lay, right at my feet. Only, I couldn’t bend down to grab them. So, after the few minutes of panic started to subside I spent another few minutes trying to decide the best course of action. Cellphones didn’t effectively exist yet as this was around 1997. I thought about all the possible problems that could come up. A group of hooligans could come and REALLY pick on me, or some weird stranger could. At last I finally resigned myself to either calling for help, or figuring it out. I didn’t want to get caught like this so figuring it out was my best bet. I could just barely reach the keys with my foot if I stretched my entire body out and partially choked myself. I painstakingly scooted the keys until they were directly below me and took a few minutes to recover from the painful ordeal. Next step would be getting them from the ground into my hand. I certainly couldn’t reach the ground without doing any bending over. My break time was over: I reached down, using my arm to hold me up with the help of my neck. I put the keys on one foot and held them on there with my other foot. I hung suspended with my neck and arm(mostly my neck since I was really weak) and lifted my legs to my other hand. Success! I was able to grab the keys and I didn’t even passout and die! I was seeing stars; between elation of the success, relief from the fear and blood rejoining my brain, I was dizzy. Well, As you could have guessed, I obtained my freedom. 


It was living in this same place that I had another noteworthy experience, which I mentioned. Acid; taking acid was the single weirdest thing I’ve done. I don’t want to glamourize it but I actually enjoyed it. Everything was funny. I watched scooby-doo whilst laying upside-down on the couch. All I could focus on were the mouths of the characters and how odd it seemed. I remember looking at my mom who was oblivious as to why we all thought it was so funny. We decided that we’d go rollerblading to a nearby park. I don’t recall the ride out, or how I got back but I think I was left alone at the park whilst they went back and got a car to pick me up. I couldn’t tell you but I know it was night time so the likelihood of being found laying in the grass should have been low, right? 

That reminds me of another amusing anecdote. My brother received for a very cheap price a “bible” of acid. Now, that is a quantity of acid that was pretty substantial, in my limited opinion. Well, quantities of the story are going to be guessed or assumed, if mentioned at all. My brother had a good friend, Jim. Jim was holding the acid for my brother and decided, in the infinite wisdom that only a fifteen/sixteen year old could muster, that he’d take a sheet or so worth of acid and smoke some pot. The result may be easier to understand if you’ve seen SLC punk. Now, it wasn’t quite that violent but basically, the boy’s brain malfunctioned. It couldn’t process what was happening. He was stuck in a loop with his mouth constantly repeating, “what the f*ck, what the f*ck” and retying his shoes over and over. It was quite odd. I never did see him again but I understand that he recovered, if only somewhat. 

To connect a few dots, the prophecy foretold by Preston had come to fruition. I was a druggy and had compromised my integrity. I had made other promises to myself and standards set.How would I further fall from what I thought was ideal. I always loved the idea of the Marines and their Honor. Clearly I was lacking the resolve to maintain my honor. 

Bike to a Car Fight
Maybe not the most dramatic event in my life but it was interesting enough when I got hit by a car whilst riding my bike home from school one day. No indication that it’d be an exciting day. I rode my bike home from school and as per my normal form, I went full throttle to get home quickly. Well, as it turns out, cars have the right away if you’re an idiot on the sidewalk with a bicycle. I very excitedly pumped out on the bike when I realized I’d make a green light without waiting but midway through the interception a young lady drove her Saturn into me. Looking back I now feel bad for her because I can imagine how she felt. Out of nowhere a dweeb on a mountain bike rode in front of her, got hit, and took out her mirror. The cops came to make sure I was ok, do a mild investigation and cite whomever he may have needed to cite for driving infractions. Being under 18  I was slapped into an ambulance and shuttled off to the hospital to make sure I wasn’t messed it. Thankfully I wasn’t wearing a helmet, I would have felt real silly wearing one. 

Why this dumb story? What is the relevance? Well, it was this event that made me realize the impressiveness of adrenaline and how things do not hurt. I remember getting hit and rolling over the vehicle and smacking off the mirror with my elbow only to hit the ground and roll to a stop. I remember seeing my drink layed on the ground in the road, my bike being bent and myself blocking traffic. Naturally I wanted to get out of people's way and felt ashamed for drawing such silly attention to myself. I grabbed my bag, drink and bike and dragged them to the sidewalk. I tried to get a grip on what just happened and how it made me feel that I didn’t even consider the fear the young lady must have felt having hit a kid. She was nearly hysterical.  I remember being on the curb and being near overwhelmed and in tears and some dork came up to let me know, in case I didn’t, that I was just hit by a car. 

I guess what it taught me was that I needed to learn to control my emotions better, I wish I handled it better, whereas I didn’t make such a big scene or spent a few moments to comfort the lady. I was happy that there was no pain involved and how it wouldn’t be quite so bad if other issues arose. 

Ehem
Tom’s BBQ was not only my sister’s first job but also my brother’s. Great food, clean atmosphere and a culture of gratitude. (My check had BETTER be in the mail or I’ll reverse this review.) I was eating a pulled pork sandwich one night with my mother and brother. We were visiting him at work. Being the big mouth teenager that I was, I decided that a very large bite would be prudent. Unbeknownst to me there was a large chunk in the sandwich that really should have been chewed instead of swallowed whole. Midway through my eating I discovered that my throat was not designed for the diameter of the food. I discovered what would happen if I tried very quickly when it started to happen. I couldn’t breath, I couldn’t swallow, I didn’t know what to do to signal that I was having an unpleasant time. I remember my eyes getting watery and my head starting to spin. My mother didn’t seem to notice, nor did my brother. After several moments of unsuccessfully trying to swallow the piece it dawned on me that I was fighting a losing battle but I had a trick up my sleeve. “Blehgarg”, I coughed out the piece and looked at the size of it, perhaps 2 thumbs worth? I am learning that I can not necessarily rely on people to keep me safe. I am also learning that, despite all my faults, I handle panic pretty well. This reminds me of the bike lock incident but we went over that. The good folks at Tom’s BBQ, on Elliot by the way, were kind enough to make me a new sandwich since I basically coughed up the food all over it. Yet another time someone had to cover down on my shortcomings.

It was living in this house that I started my downward spiral with reference to my schooling. See, I already sucked academically and there wasn’t any sign of improving but I discovered the fun of ditching school so I could do fun things instead. I started to basically just do whatever I wanted instead of actually going to class. I don’t really recall any capers that I partook in during these times but it started a pattern of not going to class. This led to my mother giving me the ultimatum of “go to class, or you’re going to your dad’s to live”. I knew the danger of the house I lived in and the lifestyle I was held. I decided to ditch the following day so that I’d get sent up to my dad’s.

A Normal Life
My dad was fun to live with, but also miserable. I spent my entire time there depressed but I also spent a lot of time learning and experiencing more of life. I think that it was much more typical to a normal life at that point. Drugs were not done but ditching school continued. Nintendo 64 was still the gaming system I played most, Cruisin’ USA and Goldeneye. I was still very much a loser but, as we’ll see, that won’t change. I was a shy kid that didn’t know what was going on half the time, and the times I did know what was going on I was too timid to affect. 

I met Jake, Gianni and Ryan here, great guys. I sure do miss friends. We took a class together, Media Productions, and it was so fun. Since I was ditching class all the time I went to hang out with them whilst they were doing their projects. They did a stop motion movie of them riding race cars around the school on their butts. I never did get to see the final copy but it seemed fun. Come to think of it, that was before I took the class, I started that class my Sophomore year and they were a year ahead of me, With Gianni being two years older. Ditching classes was fun in the sense that I got a lot of reading done. 

Dragonlance, oh, that reminds me.  When I was a child my family did a family vacation. On the drive we stopped at a truck stop and I saw an audio book. Dragonlance Autumn twilight. I recall the cover quite well. I read the back of the audio book but that was it. At least 8 years later, I was fifteen or sixteen now and I was perusing the library. Lo’ and behold, I saw that same cover sitting on a shelf. I was enthralled. I had to find out what the book was about. It told a story of adventure. I spent my sophomore year reading the dragonlance series until I was out of books. I never went to class, I only went to the library to read. If I wasn’t at the library I was at lunch playing Magic the Gathering or hackysack. 

Corn on the COB
This reminds me; my teeth were all sorts of jacked up. For this reason I never smiled with my teeth because I was embarrassed by them. At this time I received braces. I HATED having braces but my teeth were straightening out and that was worth it for me. I never was able to eat corn on the cob due to my teeth’s orientations. When I had braces I still couldn’t eat it. I never did develop an affinity for corn after my teeth were fixed up but what I did learn is how sucky those braces wires were. My cheeks got all sorts of chewed up. Due to my ditching I would be the subject of retribution by my father for all my ditching. At one point he came to pick me up and as it turned out I was in the process of ditching. When I finally got found and put into my dad’s truck he was so enraged that he punched me in the mouth. Now, it wasn’t a big hit but it certainly wasn’t fun when I had braces. 

Becky
During my freshman year summer my brother was visiting. He had invited over a couple of girls and one of them was Becky. I remember very little of Becky but I remember that she was a good looking blonde. During this visit my brother somehow convinced her to put her hand down my pants. Well, I’m a bit of a late bloomer and quite shy so I wasn’t having any of it. I’d love to cite my unyielding moral stance but as it were, I was too scared that she’d judge me based on the condition of my assets. So, I didn’t let her, which was good, of course. But this fear of failure has dominated me in the sense that, certain aspects of my life I would be able to overcome that fear of failure when referencing certain things but it has been a roadblock to many experiences. Sometimes for the better, others for the worse. 

Al bu quere Que?
I took a church trip to Albuquerque during my time in Prescott Valley. It was a relatively uneventful time. I was invited by my girlfriend and her sister who was the “youth pastor” of our southern baptist church. My time there was somewhat boring and I didn’t do anything of value except learn that I was a disappointment. How, you might ask? Well, I was spending time with the kids in the area and started to try to impress them subconsciously, by saying “homes” a lot. Like, “hey homes” and such. It was very shameful that I would change my speech patterns to try to fit in. It was a very enlightening experience in that matter as I then learned that I needed to pay attention to my habits and how they changed based on who I was around. I’d like to say that I got a lot better at this but I don’t often engage in self reflection due to my aversion to bulimia and the fact I make me sick to think about.
Motocross Career
My dad bought enduro motorcycles. We’d go trail riding on them and have all the fun in the world. I was getting pretty good after a while and I wanted to show my mother during a visit just how awesome I was. We met at a midway point between tempe and Prescott Valley called Cortez Junction. I hopped on the motorcycle to show her my prowess and gunned it. Well, from that time on I began to live by a rule, “Do not show off or you will, without fail, embarrass yourself”. When I had taken off I didn’t plan my route well and was aimed straight at a man speaking to a woman in a truck. I didn’t know what to do, I figured the best course of action would be to force dump the motorcycle onto the ground. I basically shoved the bike on its side with as much force as my 130lb body could muster. I skid to a halt right next to the man who was looking down at me. Surely he knew what kind of loser I was, and I did too. 

Rise of the Phoenix (September 2001)
Ok, no Phoenixes involved but I did move back down to the Phoenix area, Mesa to be precise. Mesa was an enjoyable time for me. It was the second time that I had a core group of friends. Great guys, all of them. This was another time period in which I learned a lot about life. This was the time I met Roxanna. A very special woman whom I didn’t know how to handle. Part of me wants to despise her but if I were being honest, she wasn’t the problem, I was the problem. She certainly had her flaws but she was the smartest woman I’ve ever met. I do wish she followed her dreams of being a lawyer but, is what it is. 

Roxanna and Mila Rose came to visit Fat and co. whilst we were having a LAN party. Apparently I’m not the one that Roxanna thought she was talking to later but we hit it off. She was great and seemed very wise and knew what was going on. We spent a lot of time together and eventually we “took the next step”. It was very shocking, I didn’t realize that I was her first until I went to the restroom some time after and noticed a very odd color coating parts of my body. There was blood present and I nearly died of a heart attack. I don’t mean to be graphic and will attempt to not. 

With all the time we spent together I developed an appreciation for her that I didn’t know at the time. She was unfaithful to me, and I held resentment towards her about it, but I also understand that I held some blame but I didn’t make the decisions for her. I think she wanted a way out without knowing how to express that. 

I had a cadillac at the time. Roxanna, Fat and I went to Arizona mills for a night of fun. Well, Roxanna decided to sit in the back of the car with Fat and they chatted. I was super jealous. So much so that I didn’t treat my Caddy as well as I should and caused it to overheat and the engine ceased. I remember that she came to look at the engine with me but we were stuck on the 60 and it was unsafe. I scolded her angrily to get back on the other side of the barrier so that if it got hit she wouldn’t be harmed. She got really upset at me for that, and rightfully so. 

Destroyer of Worlds
My drug use had hit a wall at a certain point which I failed to mention earlier. I was with my brother at his friend’s house, Crystal. Crystal had a child, a little girl. Outside of the risks you bring to your child when you have druggies coming over with respect to abusers; drug users brought other issues. Anyone that says you can’t get high from second hand smoke(pot) is a liar. Whilst at her house, with pot smoke so thick you couldn’t see a single part of the house without that haze, a little girl came out and started watching television. Sitting mere feet from me this little girl looked at me and my heart shattered. Her future flashed in my eyes. She would be taken from her mom, and she’d look back at who screwed up her life and she’d see my doofy face with my blank expression just looking at her. I ruined her life by getting her mom into drugs. To this day my heart aches for this girl who I don’t know. 

Which leads me into this: I stopped all drugs due to the previous experience and from there and I am now staunchly opposed to them. Roxanna had been spared these memories and experiences but knew that I was opposed to drugs. We went to a party one time, with her and Fat. I told Fat to leave the room since he could get high but he opposed and with the encouragement of the others in the room he determined it’s safe to not leave. Spoiler alert, he got high from the second hand smoke. Roxanna sat next to me, with me silently pleading with her to leave but she resisted. I decided that I had to do something, I didn’t know what. When the joint passed around and got to me, before her, I decided my best course of action would be to take a huge hit off it. Her jaw dropped and she passed when it got to her. I don’t recall if she ever did take a hit or get high but I know that she looked mortified that I had smoked. I never did hear of her wanting to do drugs again after that.

Fat, having grown up in a great home, did not handle being high very well. I recall him being taken home. His parents realized he was high in a matter of seconds. I wasn’t there but long story short, I was forbidden to ever hang out with him again. I was heartbroken but I knew it was my fault for not getting him out of that situation. It wouldn’t be the first time I lost friends due to my own ineptness. 

Six Miles a Day
During my time with Roxanna I had four different forms of transportation. I started with the Cadillac but that died during a visit to a mall. I put on my ol’ rollerblades and bladed to and from her house daily. I rode so much that the bearings of my poorly kept rollerblades began to lock up and cause problems. I then got a bicycle. I rode that thing to and fro her house, 3 miles away, daily and sometimes twice a day. I didn’t mind since it took about ten to fifteen minutes to ride to her house. My bike got stolen. I tried to go back to the rollerblades but the bearing forbade me from using them. I started to walk back and forth. This led to some interesting times. 

I walked home from Roxanna’s house one night, around 2 am. I was walking through a park when a short, bald Mexican fellow walked directly up to me, dragging a pillow case behind him. “Whatchu want, I got it?” He blurted to me. I had no money, didn’t do drugs, and couldn’t think of anything I would want. I declared as much to him and we went our separate ways. Quite the odd situation. 

I spent many nights sleeping in the park waiting for when Roxanna would wake up. No one seemed to care about what I did or didn’t do in my life. 

ROSEY
I was spending some time at Roxanna’s house watching a movie. Well, her mother and step father went to bed and we used this time to get more acquainted. We were in the middle of some passionate hugging when I heard “ROSEY!” from behind me. I froze. Roxanna freaked out. I didn’t know what to do. I don’t recall any real problems coming up from that situation. 

Picaso
I got a job working at Fazoli’s Italian food. On the job I was opening some strawberry topping stuff and cut my finger with a plastic knife. Irrelevant, I know. More important than my clumsiness was who I met at Fazolis. Picasso was a famous artist, but Picaso was the last name of a friend I made there. She was a cute, short, Mexican girl that seemed to have all her affairs in order. I spent a great deal of time with her. We’d mostly just drive around and listen to music. I don’t really recall much of anything that we’d do together. To place the time that this takes place, we saw the movie Antitrust(January 2001) in the theatre together. That poor girl sat through the whole movie with me. 

I would walk to Picaso’s house after school, or after work and hang out with her. She’d go about her day with me just hanging out with her and we just enjoyed each other’s company. It was a very odd time for me in that I still didn’t understand the female species. She would declare she was going to take a shower and tell me to wait in the living room, or wherever, but then she’d come running into the room in her birthday suit, jump on top of me and smooch me some, then run off to the shower. I would lay there dumbstruck and wonder what in the world happened. This was a regular occurrence. She was the first person other than myself to touch my parts, pretty memorable. 
Deckwa
Deckwa was a girl I met in programming class. For some reason she thought I was a swell guy, clearly she didn’t know better. She had told me, and I don’t know the truth behind it, that her younger brother was actually her child. She told me she was raped and as a result the baby was born. Our time together was pretty short but I really enjoyed her company. I do not remember how our time ended.Perhaps it was when the school year ended? She was the first girl I’ve ever slept with. I don’t mean to say that we had sex but that I slept with her on my bed. I remember getting up and working on linux and her laying on my bed watching. 

My relationship with Deckwa lead to another shameful act in my life. Picaso came after some time with my new relationship and we hung out for a few minutes. She pleaded with me to spend time with her, “we were friends first” she told me. My heart hurts for how I treat her, and people. 

Deckwa ended up getting pregnant by “Wizard”. That guy was a douche and I have a hard time not wishing bad on him. I tried to work it out with her whilst she was pregnant but it didn’t seem to take. Her story is one of sadness and loss. 

The evil discovered
It occurs to me that there was an evil at work in my life. Me. I am the villain of my story. Surely I deserve a hero to come and vanquish me. 

Greatest Evil
This section should be ignored. Don’t read it. For my sake, I beg you to skip past it. *takes a deep breath* Ok, now that you’re gone. Roxanna and I spent a lot of time together, as mentioned, and during that time we engaged in procreational activities that should have been avoided. Well, I was experimenting and wanted to try a new position. We were hot and heavy in our foreplay when I asked her to try a new position. She declined and I wanted to show her what I meant. I didn’t mean anything by it but I forced her into that position despite some quiet protesting. After we/I started I looked at her face and realized what I was doing. I immediately stopped and ended that activity. I don’t want to elaborate, but she knew what I did and I knew what I did; to my greatest shame. 


Mine? 
The greatest mystery in my life has been E. Roxanna got pregnant. The timing of this pregnancy with the proximity to our last encounter makes me wonder if the little girl is mine. I spoke with Roxanna several times during her pregnancy but never got an answer as to whether she was mine or not. 

Numerous hours have been spent wondering if this little girl was my daughter. The answer I received eventually was that she was, infact, not my child. But Roxanna hates me due to the previous story as well as other issues. Over the last twenty years I reached out to Roxanna to see if she’d give me more information about E so that I could put the situation to rest. I think to myself that if she is mine then I missed out on “Daddy daddy daddy” and holding my cute little daughter and giving her love. 

When I was with Roxanna, she told me as to why she had a stepfather. Her biological father was, apparently, wanting a son and was “stuck” with a daughter who was Roxanna. The heart breaking story led to an ulterior reason to want to make contact. I did not want that same story to be passed to my daughter. I would never want to abandon my child and I’ve always wanted a daughter. Did I not try hard enough when Roxanna was pregnant that I lost any privilege of knowing my daughter? 

Neck on the Line
My dear old dad taught me about having a sense of adventure. I don’t know that he knew anything about adventure but he certainly had an idea about those enduros. We took a trip to Glamous, which is a sand dune town that has hundreds, maybe thousands of visitors each year. The main attraction is the wide open sand dunes that allow people to ride in haphazard ways. There is also a stretch of a plateau that is used for drag racing of various sand faring crafts. Being a wimpy little dork had set me up for another failure during that trip. I was enjoying the freedom of the open sand sea when I hit a bit of a bump that caused me to drop down hard on the quad. This really hurt, much more than getting hit by a car. My wrist had no actual damage but it sure didn’t feel like continuing the adventure and I capitulated to it. 

Now, as mentioned, I’ve done my fair share of drugs and none of them are good to do but at the time I only had a half a bologna sandwich and some water so when the guy that I was there with offered me a vicodin I didn’t hesitate. Nor did I hesitate to drink a few beers. Being much less irritated at my wrist at this point I opted to take a nap.

“Hey, … Hey, wake up, we think your dad broke his neck,,” I was awoken with. Groggily looking around I saw another of the guys with which we came. He had a pretty serious look on his face but I was still feeling tipsy and decided to shrug it off as a joke. “No, seriously, he broke his neck.” Obviously this was a poor attempt at humor and I decided I was going to get up so that I can start the “righteous indignation” portion of the joke. Well, as it turned out, my dad broke his collarbone. So, 17 years old, I load up my dad’s truck and trailer, shake away the buzz and plop my dad in the passenger seat. 
“So, this is my first time towing a trailer, is there anything I should know about it?” I ask my dad’s friend.
“You drive forward and it follows you,” he responded with his sage advice. 

Much to my amazement, my dad did the work. He drove from Glamous to Phoenix, six or eight hours away, without so much as a peep. I take that back, he did complain about wanting a shower a few times, to which his sister obliged by assisting him. 

This is my stop
Well, I found myself living with my sister in Gilbert. Needing money and not having any, I decide that I should get a job. I applied for a job and got it at Subway. Now, another time of great shame in my life. I was far from a decent employee and did subpar work. That was shameful to me but not the focus of this degradation. At this time I was nearing the end of my relationship with Roxanna and my car had seized so I relied on taxis. This was at least a decade before a semi-Truck and taxi had a baby named Uber. So yellow cab was the poison with which I squandered my money and some of my soul. 

I don’t know if you know this, but taxis are expensive. Taking a drive from Gilbert Arizona to Mesa was quite the money sink. I didn’t make enough money at the time and figured that I was sneaky enough to “skim off the top” at the subway so that I could pay for taxi fare. To my great shame, that’s exactly what I did. For the better part of three or so months I stole like a dirty hobbitses and rode a taxi to and fro Roxanna’s house.

Now, this was before my birthday and Roxanna asked me what I wanted to do for it. Being the homebody that I am, and slightly agoraphobic I told her I didn’t want to do anything. I think she took it to mean that I didn’t want to do anything with her which couldn’t have been further from the truth. We had a pattern where I would basically just come over all the time to see her and not follow a schedule. It wasn’t that I was trying to sneak up on her or anything like that, we just spent that much time together. After work on my birthday I did my usual routine and headed to her house. I got there and basically didn’t make it past the threshold of her door. Confused and upset I contemplated my options. Her TV light was on and her blinds were open. I’m not proud of this, or anything else of my life really, but I sneaked up to her window and peered in. What did I find? Tune in next week to find out!

I peered through the blinds and what I saw crushed my heart. There, sitting on her couch was Roxanna and with her, with his arm over her shoulder, was Vincent. Now, Vincent is an awesome name and I loved that character in Final Fantasy Seven. This Vincent, however, was not awesome, nor my favorite anything. After reeling in shock, so much so that I made a noise that he investigated, I walked away. I was confused and upset with no plan for that evening. I knew it was over. 

Pyrotechnician
During the summer of love I discovered a love of open flames and gasoline. I was a hotshot that new exactly how to make bombs. I heard of the Anarchist’s Cookbook and figured just by knowing about it that I would somehow be imbued with the ability to cause explosions. To test this new found power that I had I went to my local gas station and got myself a quarter gallon of Chevron’s finest. Now, I needed a target, one that would look amazing when it detonated. I took my supplies, consisting of said gasoline, newspaper and a can of coke, and headed to a junkyard. 

We had it all set up. There was a tractor trailer in the junkyard right next to the hole in the fence that we used to sneak in. I carefully assembled the bomb, meticulously poor the gasoline into the coke can and putting the newspaper in the hole.  We(my friend Robert and I) set the can in the front window of the tractor trailer, where an AC unit might go, and lit the newspaper fuse. We ran, we jumped out of the hole and watched in gleeful anticipation as it exploded. Only, it didn’t explode, it just sat there with a small stream of fire. I believe at this point that it was Robert that had the absolutely brilliant idea to push the can out of the window into the trailer. Obviously the bomb didn’t go off due to its position and knocking it out of the window would set it off. The logic checked out so Robert got a stick and pushed the can over into the window. 

The fire instantly sprang to life and with it our realization of what we had done was ignited. We rushed to his house to call the fire department. There was so much paint and other sorts of chemicals in the trailer that it seemed impossible to put out. As we watched in horror the fire department put out this fire and attempted to investigate how it started. Thankfully for my juvenile record, they never discovered the truth.

Two to the chest and one..more to the chest.
My brother was at a friend’s house in the town houses which were near us when the police swarmed the area. This was my very first time seeing an M16. Lights were everywhere, police and paramedics swarmed about doing their job. The police went house to house to find this man while simultaneously keeping the masses at bay. Whilst this was going on the paramedics brought a man on a stretcher out of the complex and into the ambulance. This was the first time I had ever seen a dead person. They were quite dead, I don’t think a bandaid was going to change that. I don’t recall feeling any sense of loss having seen the body, nor joy at seeing the M16. I do recall being excited at all the commotion.


Caught Flat footed
Sometimes a person does something that makes no sense. I know for me it’s happened numerous times where I did something then immediately wondered as to why I would do that. This one time I was talking to my mother in her garage, the topic of our conversation eludes me. I was barefoot for some reason, presumably because I was too lazy to dress my feet and I didn’t care about being dirty. I remember that my mom looked down at my feet and had decided that it’d be quite funny to stomp down on my foot with hers. I believe she was wearing soft sneakers or some form of house shoes but it still hurt. I think I was more shocked than in pain because I just looked at her in befuddlement and asked her why she did that. She never did answer. 

Reach for the sky


Dear Friend, Ally
December 19, 2022, I lost my best friend. I didn’t even know she was my best friend. She stuck by my side for all these years. She waited patiently for my deployments and training to be over. She waited for me to get home from work, and greeted me at the door Every time I got home. My dear Friend, Dakota, was my beloved German Shepherd; I put her down. I betrayed my little girl, my princess and put her to an early grave. I don’t know what I could have done but killing her wasn’t the right decision, was it? I don’t know. I never felt pain like this in my life and I don’t know how to deal with it. 


Dear 
Witth loss of my Ally, Dakota–Cara

Why am I haunted?
It seems that I am haunted.So, at writing, I am 39, turning forty this year. It’s …June 16th. I find myself reflecting back on my life and I realized that I am not exactly being honest with this entire endeavor. Let me explain. . My first deployment I went through a huge change, I was basically, in a bad sense, reborn. So, the stories that are from before then were Kevin Ian Quinn.. The stories after that point are from… … Doochie Magee Quinn.. Or whatever I should be called. I suppose that there are actually three of us. See, there’s the young idealogue Kevin Quinn of my youth. There’s the jerk teen that grew up and ruined everything he touched, and there’s me. I have the worst of both worlds, I guess.. I ruin everything I touch, I’m a jerk and failure. The only redeemable quality of my personhood is.. .. I’ll get back to you on that. It hurts so much to be so alone. Having my wife a foot away in bed, having my kids nearby, my puppy cuddling with me.. But the war that is raging inside my head leaves the meatsack barely functional. Very rarely do I get any semblance of peace or clarity. 

